Background:
The background of this task is creating an informative site to teach skills to customers that are interested in learning the art of Venetian Plastering. I have attempted to solve this issue by creating a website that contains information related to the offered Venetian Plastering courses that are provided by a friends business; as well as the general information provided by the website, it also includes genuine google customer reviews and feedback, images of work completed by students after they've enrolled and completed the course, and finally the actual courses on offer themselves.

Wire Frames:
I have created wire frames for each of the four pages before development to design and layout each of the pages I have created, these wireframes have assisted in development by allowing me to essentially follow along and create each page in a step by step process by comparing progress against the wireframes. As the wireframes were drawn out before development, they won't be exactly the same as the finished product as during development of the site I would have thought of different ways to produce the same results in a more stylish and user friendly way than the original wireframes presented. You can find the wireframes in the GitHub repository here: https://github.com/oscarshue/CDA404/tree/master/Assessment/wireframes

Colour Choices:
For the colour palette of the website I had decided to approach it with light grey colours, blacks and whites. I felt this colour scheme was best suited to creating the site due to the nature of the images on screen mostly sharing the same colours. The colour scheme of the images used contained mostly dark colours predominantly including greys therefore the best suited colour choice for the header and footer I decided was a light grey, by doing so it means that there aren't any colour clashes that can take away from the pages main content.

Accessibility
To conform to the W3C accessibility standards most notably I have ensured every image across the website is equipped with an alternative text tag so that if people are unable to view the site then the image information is still accessible to them. Every button on the webpage is able to be accessed and clicked using keyboard input alone in the event that some users are unable to use a mouse and click on each button.

GDPR
To conform to the GDPR the site does contain a select feature. There is a subscription option on the Courses page that gives the user the option to subscribe with their first name and email address to receive offers and newsletters related to the courses that the website provides. In no way is the user forced to provide this information, it is completely up to them whether or not they would like to subscribe to this. Aside from this subscription form, no other user data is collected upon visiting the site.

Distance Selling
To conform with distance selling I have ensured that the business name and contact details are all easily located in and around the site, there are brief descriptions of what the customer can pay for with the exact price of the course. Since the website isn't actually designed to manage transactions for content none of these features are implemented, however if the site was developed to accept transactions for digital content then I would ensure to provide information to the customer regarding any cancellations, cancellation fees and how they would expect any ordered goods to arrive, whether that would be digitally or by post.

Evaluation
The problem I set out to solve was to provide information and teach a skill via a website, for this I chose a friend of mines Venetian Plastering company to base the website on. I made sure to display the information in such a way that it isn't a boring read or too much to read by incorporating photos, reviews and the main points of the websites purpose on the home page. When it comes to actually developing the websites based on designs the styling is a big thing for me, I like everything to look modern and follow the same colour scheme throughout. And I especially like to ensure the site is user friendly so that people on their first visit to the site can navigate around and take in all the information the site has to give. I tested my site on a laptop screen and larger monitor screen to see how it will respond to larger and smaller screens. I have coded most of the size styling in percentage values, so the majority of the dimensions remain unchanged when scaling up or down to ensure that the elements aren't in unexpected places around the viewport. My design choices were informed by the knowledge that I had regarding the layouts of informative sites; the general rule of thumb I encountered was that the site can't be too information heavy right off the bat or users will be discouraged to read through, so any information that doesn't specifically require front page attention can be made available to the user through site interaction; for example the full user reviews, the user is able to select a review on the review page that then shows the entire review in a pop up if the user wishes to read it. I have taken a desktop first type approach to the website as that is the format that I am most comfortable with developing and I find it is a lot easier to scale up and down for desktop screen sizes than it is for mobile. I haven’t had much experience in creating sites that are responsive enough to scale down to mobile that were originally built for desktop, so without the use of external frameworks to assist me with that it would have been a lot harder for me to successfully scale my website down for mobile.
